edits to docs on clean branch (#329)
lcdb/lcdb-wf: docs/getting-started.rst

The general steps to use lcdb-wf in a new project are:

> 1. Deploy: download an instance of lcdb-wf to your project directory
> 2. Configure: set up samples table for experiments and edit configuration file
> 3. Run: activate environment and run the Snakemake file either locally or on a cluster
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy: from a clone of the lcdb-wf repository, run ``deploy.py``
2. Configure: set up samples table for experiments and edit configuration file
3. Run: activate environment and run the Snakemake file either locally or on a cluster

```
